README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Emora</h1>

**Emora** allows you to search for accounts by username across social networks. Inspired by tools like Sherlock, Emora provides a user-friendly graphical interface to ease the usage and navigation through the results.

## Overview

- [Showcase](#showcase)
- [How to install it](#installation)
  - [Using setup](#using-setup)
  - [Building from source](#building-from-source)
- [Features](#features)
- [FAQ](#faq)

Emora is an OSINT tool like sherlock, which can find out on which sites a username is claimed or not.  
We now have a discord server for the project! https://discord.gg/gKT6GT2YCS

## Showcase
![Emora Showcase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/IdefaSoft/Emora-Project/main/EmoraShowcase.gif)

## Installation

### Using setup

If you don't want to or can't build the software yourself, you can download its setup/portable version [here](https://github.com/IdefaSoft/Emora-Project/releases/tag/v1.1)

### Building from source

In order to build the software, you need to install **Visual Studio 2022 or** higher (or maybe Rider). You can find Visual Studio at https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/.

## Features

- **Intuitive User Interface**: Emora offers a user-friendly graphical interface, making search and result exploration more accessible.
- **Search Across Multiple Sites**: The tool queries a variety of popular websites (46 for now) to determine if the specified username is being used.
- **Frequently updated**: Emora is a brand new open source project, and will be updated regularly!

## FAQ

Q: When I try to open the software, a message saying "This app can't run on your PC" appears.  
A: The compiled version of the project only supports 64bit computers, but you can still try to build it from source.

Q: Antivirus flags your files  
A: I don't have the money to pay for a 3yr Digicert Certificate to sign all of my Windows binaries, even if I did, would it be a waste? (EXEs are currently unsigned)

## Star History

<a href="https://star-history.com/#IdefaSoft/Emora-Project&Date">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=IdefaSoft/Emora-Project&type=Date&theme=dark" />
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=IdefaSoft/Emora-Project&type=Date" />
    <img alt="Star History Chart" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=IdefaSoft/Emora-Project&type=Date" />
  </picture>
</a>


## Troubleshooting

If you happen to encounter a crash or a bug, please submit a bug report via the projects GitHub issue tracker.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to Emora, please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## Credits

This project was mainly inspired by [Sherlock](https://github.com/sherlock-project/sherlock)

Commit message:

Updated README.md and added the list of all currently supported sites

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Emora</h1>

**Emora** allows you to search for accounts by username across social networks. Inspired by tools like Sherlock, Emora provides a user-friendly graphical interface to ease the usage and navigation through the results.  
[Click Here](https://github.com/IdefaSoft/Emora-Project/blob/main/SupportedWebsites.md) to access the list of the 124 currently supported sites.

## Overview

- [Showcase](#showcase)
- [How to install it](#installation)
  - [Using setup](#using-setup)
  - [Building from source](#building-from-source)
- [Features](#features)
- [FAQ](#faq)

Emora is an OSINT tool like sherlock, which can find out on which sites a username is claimed or not.  
We also have a discord server for the project! https://discord.gg/gKT6GT2YCS

## Showcase
![Emora Showcase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/IdefaSoft/Emora-Project/main/EmoraShowcase.gif)
![Emora Example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/IdefaSoft/Emora-Project/main/EmoraSearchExample.png)

## Installation

### Using setup

If you don't want to or can't build the software yourself, you can download it [here](https://github.com/IdefaSoft/Emora-Project/releases/tag/v1.2.0)

### Building from source

In order to build the software, you need to install **Visual Studio 2022 or** higher (or maybe Rider). You can find Visual Studio at https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/.

## Features

- **Intuitive User Interface**: Emora offers a user-friendly graphical interface, making search and result exploration more accessible.
- **Search Across Multiple Sites**: The tool queries a variety of popular websites (124 for now) to determine if the specified username is being used.
- **Frequently updated**: Emora is a brand new open source project, and will be updated regularly!

## Troubleshooting

If you happen to encounter a crash or a bug, please submit a bug report via the projects GitHub issue tracker.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to Emora, please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## Credits

This project was mainly inspired by [Sherlock](https://github.com/sherlock-project/sherlock).
We sometimes also used [WhatsMyName](https://github.com/WebBreacher/WhatsMyName) to add certain sites.
